About us

Carley Karsten 

Carley Karsten was born and raised in Rochester, Minnesota.  She was a complete nerd in high school, but got out to run track and cross country a couple times a year.  She thought all along that she'd be an English Major, and grow up to be a famous author like her literary idol Stephen King.  Somehow, she ended up as a Neuroscience major at the University of Minnesota.  After graduation, she went straight to UCI to continue studying neuroscience. She hopes to graduate next year and then become a college professor! Carley likes long bike rides on the beach, long book reading sessions on the beach, and sandcastle competitions at the beach.  And hanging with Kyle on the beach. 

Kyle Ellefsen

Kyle Ellefsen grew up in the middle of nowhere, Nevada (a.k.a. Elko).  Kyle loooooves being in the middle of nowhere and can't wait to get out of crowded southern California. Growing up, he competed in math league, geography bees, and piano competitions. After finishing high school in Reno, NV, Kyle attended Brigham Young University in Provo, UT. As soon as he learned about the neuroscience major his freshman year, he knew what he wanted to do. During a brief sabbatical in France he applied to graduate school and honed his programming skills. After he completes his PhD work at UCI, Kyle wants to research artificial intelligence and help the robots take over the world. In his free time he likes to read The Economist, read The Economist at the beach, and read The Economist with Carley. 



How We Met

On a typically sunny southern california morning, Carley and Kyle happened to sit at the same breakfast table during UCI's INP recruitment weekend.  They got to talking, and were inseperatble for the rest of the recruitment weekend.  They remained pen-pals over the rest of the summer while they got rejections and acceptances to the schools they applied to, and were thrilled that they both were accepted to the school they wanted to go to: UCI.  Kyle even helped Carley move in; he took Carley on a long walk around campus while Carley's parents put together her furniture.  They started dating not long after.  They've been best friends ever since :)



The Proposal

Carley and Kyle went shopping for a wedding ring in April of 2015.  Neither of them realized it would lead to anything more.  Kyle promised that Carley would see the ring in the next two years.  She thought he was joking.  Seven months later she was finally reunited with her ring.  On December 23rd, 2015, Kyle woke Carley at the break of down with promises of adventure and mystery.  She was sleepily led to the car.  As they drove, Carley questioned where she was going every fifteen seconds.  They drove for a half an hour to a park near the mountains.  Unfortunately, the Californians had closed it because it had been raining.  Carley was determined to see the hidden thing in the park, without having clue that it was the ring.  (She'd forgotten about the ring).  So they jumped over the gate and Kyle led them to a beautiful butterfly garden, where he pulled a handmade wooden box out of his backpack and handed it to Carley with a "Merry Christmas".  She didn't know what it was, so Kyle opened it for her, fed paper through, and showed her how to turn the small handle at the side. Carley realized it was a music box Kyle had made for her playing a song he written for her the Chrismas prior.  She was happy to have gotten a Christmas present, but see the ring sitting in the middle at the top.  Halfway through the song, she saw the ring, and almost dropped the box because she started to cry.  Kyle told her, "You better keep the playing the song because it took me a long time to pumnch all those holes." Carley finished the song, and Kyle asked her if she would marry him.  Of course, she said yes.  

Lodging

Room blocks have been reserved at:

<a href='http://www.oakridgeminneapolis.com/'>Oak Ridge Hotel & Conference Center </a>
1 Oakridge Dr 
Chaska, MN 55318
(952) 368-3100

<a href='http://www.countryinns.com/chanhassen-hotel-mn-55317/chanhass'>Country Inn & Suites</a>
591 W 78th St 
Chanhassen, MN 55317
(952) 937-2424